stringA   stringB   itemNum   type      choice    time      trail     
jim       lap       2         prac      right     4493      pick      
lip       sat       4         prac      left      776       pick      
cat       dog       1         prac      right     735       pick      
stick     floating  5         prac      left      753       pick      
stuff     kind      3         prac      right     816       pick      
stringA   stringB   itemNum   type      choice    time      trail     
jim       lap       2         prac      right     3867      pick      
lip       sat       4         prac      left      510       pick      
stuff     kind      3         prac      right     517       pick      
stick     floating  5         prac      left      747       pick      
cat       dog       1         prac      right     761       pick      
stringA   stringB   itemNum   type      choice    time      trail     
stick     floating  5         prac      right     3476      pick      
stuff     kind      3         prac      left      800       pick      
cat       dog       1         prac      right     775       pick      
jim       lap       2         prac      left      897       pick      
lip       sat       4         prac      right     768       pick      
stringA   stringB   itemNum   type      choice    time      trail     
jim       lap       2         prac      left      3604      pick      
stuff     kind      3         prac      right     751       pick      
stick     floating  5         prac      left      680       pick      
cat       dog       1         prac      right     744       pick      
lip       sat       4         prac      left      711       pick      
stringA   stringB   itemNum   type      choice    time      trail     
jim       lap       2         prac      left      3572      pick      
stick     floating  5         prac      right     735       pick      
stuff     kind      3         prac      left      641       pick      
cat       dog       1         prac      right     672       pick      
lip       sat       4         prac      left      743       pick      
stringA   stringB   itemNum   type      choice    time      trail     
stuff     kind      3         prac      left      3724      pick      
lip       sat       4         prac      right     736       pick      
stick     floating  5         prac      left      695       pick      
jim       lap       2         prac      right     744       pick      
cat       dog       1         prac      left      752       pick      
stringA   stringB   itemNum   type      choice    time      trail     
lip       sat       4         prac      left      4261      pick      
jim       lap       2         prac      right     744       pick      
stuff     kind      3         prac      left      744       pick      
stick     floating  5         prac      right     752       pick      
cat       dog       1         prac      left      839       pick      
mestins   devivar   32        original  left      1529      pick      
tatinse   suppopp   50        original  right     759       pick      
arthrol   moutlem   24        original  left      784       pick      
systina   clarral   14        original  right     776       pick      
throuss   varketa   9         original  left      736       pick      
engstin   filisma   31        original  right     783       pick      
fainges   benervi   1         original  left      752       pick      
whetesi   suprovi   45        original  right     768       pick      
